## 综述引用
- 方法：For instance, Qiu and Cho [13] presented a formal framework and a method to automatically learn user interest based on past click history. The learned user interest is integrated in Topic-Sensitive PageRank to generate personalized ranking.  Speretta and Gauch [17] classified queries and snippets of clicked search results to create user profiles, which were then used to rerank search results. Kim and Chan [9] proposed to model user interest in a hierarchy of concepts, going from general to specific. The hierarchy is learned from the web pages bookmarked by the user using clustering methods.
- 用户兴趣建模：An important issue in user modeling, particularly for news access, is the changes in user interest over time. Billsus and Pazzani [1] found that there are two types of user interest in news reading: short-term and long-term. The short-term interest usually is related to hot news events and changes quickly. In contrast, long term interest often reflects actual user interest. Accordingly, News Dude [1] uses a multistrategy machine learning approach to create separate models of short-term and long-term interest. Chen et al. [8] analyzed the change of user interest in news over time and used special mechanisms to update user profiles to reflect user’s current interests. Liang and Lai [14] proposed a timebased approach to build user profiles from browsing behavior, which took into account of the time spent by the user on reading the articles and the recency of user activity.  

- The news interests of individual users do change over time. • The click distributions of the general public reflect the news trend, which correspond to the big news events. • There exist different news trends in different locations. • To a certain extent, the individual user’s news interests correspond with the news trend in the location that the user belongs to. 

## 没看的
- experiment detail没看
